The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear.
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
It’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Life is too important to be taken seriously.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
The best revenge is massive success.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Don’t wait for the perfect moment. Take the moment and make it perfect.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass, it’s about learning to dance in the rain.
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
You can never plan the future by the past.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
