Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Don’t count the days, make the days count.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Opportunities don’t happen, you create them.
If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
The best revenge is massive success.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Don’t be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people’s thinking.
